# HTTPS Clone Links Go Here
# Comment lines and newlines are ignored, everything else WILL be read

# Example Repo
#https://github.com/BromTeque/bromchive.git

# Irony Mod Manager for Paradox Games
https://github.com/bcssov/IronyModManager.git

# Avatar - Four Nations Restored CK2
https://github.com/Rystic/ATLA-restored.git

# Anbennar CK3
https://gitlab.com/anbennar/anbennar-ck3-dev.git

# Anbennar EU4
https://bitbucket.org/JayBean/anbennar-eu4-fork-public-build.git

# Imperium Universalis EU4
https://github.com/The-Triumvirate/Imperium-Universalis.git

# Elder Scrolls EU4
https://github.com/Aetherum17/Elder-Scrolls-Universalis-1-30.git

# Road to 1956 Beta HOI4
https://github.com/deliciousmods/1956_beta.git

# Cold War Iron Curtain HOI4
https://github.com/swf541/ColdWarIronCurtain.git

# End of a New Beginning HOI4
# https://github.com/team-eoanb/EoaNB.git (OLD)
https://github.com/EoaNB-Team/EoaNB.git

# Avatar HOI4
https://github.com/Hermerico/avatar.git

# Rimworld Multiplayer mod
https://github.com/rwmt/Multiplayer.git

# Cyberpunk 2077 tweaks, hacks and scripting framework
https://github.com/yamashi/CyberEngineTweaks.git

# Cyberpunk 2077 CP77Tools
https://github.com/WolvenKit/CP77Tools.git

# Cyberpunk 2077 WolvenKit
https://github.com/WolvenKit/WolvenKit.git

# The Powder Toy
https://github.com/The-Powder-Toy/The-Powder-Toy.git

# YT-DLP
https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp.git

# YT-DLC
https://github.com/blackjack4494/yt-dlc.git

# YouTube-DL
https://github.com/ytdl-org/youtube-dl.git

# TheFrenchGhostys Ultimate YouTube-DL Scripts Collection
https://github.com/TheFrenchGhosty/TheFrenchGhostys-Ultimate-YouTube-DL-Scripts-Collection.git

# TFGUYSC fork
https://github.com/defder-su/SaveMedia.git

# Unofficial Homestuck Collection
https://github.com/Bambosh/unofficial-homestuck-collection.git

# Tessercat OCR
https://github.com/tesseract-ocr/tesseract.git

# Flask
https://github.com/pallets/flask.git

# PlayStation 4 emulator/compatibility layer
https://github.com/red-prig/fpPS4.git

# PlayStation 4 emulator Obliteration
https://github.com/obhq/obliteration.git

# PlayStation 4 emulator GPCS4
https://github.com/Inori/GPCS4.git

# PlayStation 4 emulator orbital
https://github.com/AlexAltea/orbital.git

# PlayStation 4 emulator PS4DELTA
https://github.com/Force67/ps4delta.git

# Xbox 360 emulator xenia
https://github.com/xenia-project/xenia.git

# GTA 3 and Vice City Reversed Engineered Source Code
# GONE
#https://github.com/td512/re3.git

# Spacebarchat Formerly Fosscord 
https://github.com/spacebarchat/spacebarchat.git

# Qballjos Portainer Templates
https://github.com/Qballjos/portainer_templates.git

# SelfhostedPro Portainer Templates
https://github.com/SelfhostedPro/selfhosted_templates.git

# Pi-hosted
https://github.com/novaspirit/pi-hosted.git

# Internet Speed Logger
https://github.com/brennentsmith/internet-speed-logger.git

# Pitikapp Plugin Library
https://github.com/dydil/PitikappPluginLibrary.git

# Spritjakt
https://github.com/matslb/Spritjakt.no.git

# Finalmouse Starlight-12 Firmware Utility
https://github.com/cn46375/FinalmouseFirmwareUtility.git

# Rem0o FanControl
https://github.com/Rem0o/FanControl.Releases.git

# SCRCPY
https://github.com/Genymobile/scrcpy.git

# Minecraft Server Starter
https://github.com/BloodyMods/ServerStarter.git

# Minecraft Multithreaded Server for Redstone
https://github.com/MCHPR/MCHPRS.git

# Minecraft GTNewHorizons
https://github.com/GTNewHorizons/GT-New-Horizons-Modpack.git

# Minecraft GTNH Thermos
https://github.com/GTNewHorizons/Thermos.git

# Minecraft Thermos
https://github.com/MCImaginarium/Thermos.git

# Terraria tModLoader
https://github.com/tModLoader/tModLoader.git

# Terraria TShock
https://github.com/Pryaxis/TShock.git

# Dashlane Repos
https://github.com/Dashlane/dashlane-cli.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/node-stripe.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/redux-diff-logger.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/atom-linter-coffee-variables.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/material-ui.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/karma-bamboo-reporter.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/TsMonad.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/css-variables-loader.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/forge.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/node-http-proxy.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/node-not-bin.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/zxcvbn.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/redux-cursor.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/argon2-browser.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/pqc.js.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/react-multiple-sticky.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/ts-event-bus.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/dbt-invoke.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/.github.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/apple-apps.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/android-apps.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/SwiftDomainParser.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/password-changer-well-known.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/SAWF.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/we-are-hiring.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/BijouJS.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/openssl.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/libu2f-host.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/uprime.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/node-find-glob.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/json-c.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/hidapi.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/chainable-data-source.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/sample-pull-requests.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/StashAutoArchive.git
https://github.com/Dashlane/SocketRocket.git

# SnBox Repos
https://github.com/sboxgame/templates.git
https://github.com/sboxgame/issues.git

# Valve Repos
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/gamescope.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/source-sdk-2013.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/Proton.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/wine.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/dxvk.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/halflife.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/voglperf.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/unity-xr-plugin.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/steam-audio.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/OpenXR-Canonical-Pose-Tool.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/openvr.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/eigen.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/csgo-demoinfo.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/Fossilize.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/steam-devices.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/Dota2-Gameplay.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/csgo.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/vkd3d.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/steamvr_unity_plugin.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/Source-1-Games.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/GameNetworkingSockets.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/steamlink-sdk.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/steam-runtime.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/Dota-2.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/csgo-osx-linux.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/openxr_engine_plugins.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/libmysofa.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/steam-for-linux.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/steamvr_unreal_plugin.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/embree.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/ffts.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/SteamVR-for-Linux.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/Dota-Underlords.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/steamos-compositor.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/steamos_kernel.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/IndexHardware.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/Moondust.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/Dota-2-Vulkan.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/ArtifactDeckCode.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/steamos_mesa.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/tbb.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/portal2.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/the_lab_renderer.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/SteamOS.git
# Emptry Repo:
#https://github.com/ValveSoftware/VR-Community-Bugs.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/virtual_display.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/ExoPlayer.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/linux.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/vogl.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/driver_hydra.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/ToGL.git
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/steamworks-vr-api.git

# balenaEtcher
https://github.com/balena-io/etcher.git

# Linux GSM
https://github.com/GameServerManagers/LinuxGSM.git

# Unix History Repository
https://github.com/dspinellis/unix-history-repo.git

# Linux (Keep at bottom)
https://github.com/torvalds/linux.git
